Project Description Title: 

Pirate Fighting Crisis Management System Pirate attacks are an increasing problem nowadays that threatens the lives of many
people as well as loss of goods. To combat this issue, an international effort has been put forth to fight off the threat
of pirate in the seas. The international parties have agreed on building a system that will monitor the threat of pirates
and mitigate against any threats. The system is made of three major components, a managerial component, a satellite based 
ship tracking system and an Artificial Intelligence (A.I.). Thesatellite based ship tracking system already exists and is
in operation. Its purpose is to track the movements and locations of all ships in international waters. The A.I. component
will use the satellite based ship tracking system to determine from movement patterns of ships if a threat is imminent. 
The managerial component uses information provided by the A.I. component to determine the necessary mitigation actions 
to be taken. The managerial component uses  the  A.I.  component  to  determine  nearby  warshipsand  fighter  jets  and 
helicopters  that  can  fight-off pirates. The managerial component uses the A.I. component to receive information about
the current crisis. As such, the managerial component determinesthe needed food and medical supplies and sends out requests
to nearby legal suppliers. The managerial component also notifies the US Navy headquarters of the latest events  in real-time.
In the case of hostages being taken, the managerial component notifies the warships, jets and helicopter of the situationandcalls 
for a negotiator who can speak the same language as the pirates.Your company has won the bid to develop the Pirate Fighting Crisis
Management System and has assigned your team to handle the design of the managerial component ONLY. Your company has assigned the A.I.
component  to  a  different  department  to  implement. The managerial  component  is  responsible  for  events relating to ships, 
pirate ships, warships, fighter jets, helicopters, negotiators, medical supplies, food supplies and news agencies as well as other 
entities relative to the system. The managerial component uses the A.I. component to perform the required logic behind computing
many values, such as the location of the nearest warships, food suppliers, medical supplies, negotiators...etc. The managerial 
component also receives feedback from the A.I. component aboutactual events occurring in the field. 
